---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy-policy/
---

Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 20th May 2020
At RapidFork Pvt. Ltd, data privacy is at the heart of what we do, and protecting the privacy of those who use our services or visit our website is of paramount importance to us. This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices in relation to the use of the RapidFork websites and the related applications and services we offer. This Privacy Policy applies to our website and this Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the website. We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification. While we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at tech@rapidfork.xyz

This Privacy Policy covers the information practices of websites that link to this Privacy Policy. To enhance your experience, the website may include links to other, unaffiliated sites. Those websites will have their own privacy policies that you may wish to review. We have no responsibility for such linked websites or any use of those sites or those websites'’ privacy practices. The websites may also contain links to our presence on various social media platforms. As we do not operate or control such platforms, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such platforms.

2. Information collected
As a visitor to our website, you may ask for additional information about the RapidFork services, including signing up to receive a newsletter, registering to use the websites, or registering for an event for example. In that case, we may ask you to give us personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Contact Information”). When Visitors apply for a job with RapidFork, RapidFork may also require you to submit additional personal data as well as a resume or curriculum vitae (“Applicant Information”). Contact Information, Billing Information, Applicant Information, Optional Information and any other information you submit to RapidFork to or through the Services are referred to collectively as “Data”. As you navigate our websites, RapidFork may also collect information through the use of gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons (“Website Navigational Information”). Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on websites (such as the pages viewed and the links clicked).

3. Cookies and other types of Website Navigational Information
For all information regarding cookies please see our cookie policy

4. International transfer of information collected
To facilitate RapidFork's global operations, RapidFork may transfer and access information from around the world, including from other countries in which RapidFork has operations. A list of RapidFork global offices is available here. This Privacy Policy shall apply even if RapidFork transfers data about visitors to other countries.

5. Communications preferences
RapidFork offers visitors who provide contact information a means to choose how RapidFork uses the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of RapidFork marketing and sales emails. Additionally, you may send a request to tech@rapidfork.com.

6. Data subject requests, retention period, supervisory authority and other information
Data subject requests You can ask us to update, change or delete any information RapidFork holds about you. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 28 days. You can find out if we hold any personal data by making a ‘data subject access request’ under the General Data Protection Regulation. If we do hold information about you we will: - give you a description of it; - tell you why we are holding it; - tell you who it could be disclosed to and to whom; - where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; - let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form; and - give you other information as outlined in Article 15 of the GDPR 
If you want to delete the personal data we hold about you, we have an obligation to do that if the conditions outlined in Article 17 of the GDPR apply. You can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data if (i) you contest their accuracy, (ii) the processing is unlawful and you do not want to delete the data, (iii) we do not need the personal data for the purposes of processing but you need them for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or (iv) where you objected to the processing in accordance with Article 21(1) of GDPR pending verification of whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject. You have the right to receive any personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us. Article 20 of the GDPR applies to this. You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to our processing of personal data concerning you which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) (public interest, official authority and legitimate interests), including profiling based on those provisions. To make a request to RapidFork for any personal data we may hold, please email the request in writing to info@rapidfork.com. If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone. Retention period Unless otherwise required by law, data shall be stored for a maximum of six years after collection, Contacts that don't open an email, or complete a website visit within a 24 month period will be deleted after the 24th month. Supervisory authority The lead supervisory authority for RapidFork and The ITPR Group is the Information Commissioner in the United Kingdom. We would always encourage our Visitors to reach out to us directly regarding any concerns about our data privacy or handling practices. However, you may also reach to our supervisory authority (ideally our lead supervisory authority the ICO in the United Kingdom), and lodge a complaint with them.

7. Security
RapidFork maintains tight controls over Data, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. We use CRM services from Google Cloud to store data about our prospective and current customers. We use Google services as a platform for RapidFork's own website analysis. If you want to learn more about security measures that our main third-party providers employ please see the links here: Google

8. Your information if there is a business transfer:
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase a business or assets. If we purchase another entity or if another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the RapidFork service offering, personal data, user data, and any other information that we have collected about the users of our services may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and, if we or our assets are acquired, will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of RapidFork may continue to use your personal data as set forth in this policy.

9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
RapidFork reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy. RapidFork will provide reasonably in advance a notification of the material changes to this Privacy Policy through websites.

10. Contacting us
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the information practices of Sites should sent to support@rapidfork.com

